two hunters to rodents the
hunters reptiles both found on
the floor of the indian forest
one and indian rock python the
other a mugger crocodile the
rodents are bandicoot rats
topping out at over a foot in
length the Bandicoot rat is a
scourge of farmers but provides
these reptiles with much-needed
sustenance the indian rock
python tracked its prey relying
on heat-sensing pits on the side
of its head and on its sense of
smell a snake smells mighty
steed the air with its tongue
and touching what's known as a
Jacobson's organ in its mouth
mother Crocs on the other hand
choose a place where something
tasty might show up and wait
sometimes for hours and when
something does the mugger
springs to life able to move
quickly after its intended
victim
it is a focused but graceful
hunter while in the water able
to dispatch small prey like the
Bandicoot rat with a quick snap
of its powerful jaws
meanwhile the Pythons persistent
tracking has paid off after
grabbing the Bandicoot rat with
its mouth the Python wraps
itself around the prey
suffocating it it then eats the
Bandicoot rathole unhinging its
jaw and stretching its elastic
skin to swallow the large animal